# sci投稿信关于coverletter的教程

sci投稿信关于coverletter的教程

2023年3月18日

14:05

 

一、写法

 

投稿信（Cover Letter）应该简述所投稿件的核心内容、主要发现和意义，拟投期刊，对稿件处理有无特殊要求等（如"not to review" list）。另外，请附上主要作者的中文姓名、通讯地址、电话、传真和e-mail地址。此外有的杂志要求推荐几位审稿人及其联系方式。以及谁已经阅读过该文（当然是牛人）。

一般来说，杂志通常要求说明你论文研究的意义，以及与这个杂志的相关性，另外还有的可能要写明你没有一搞多投等。此外临床实验要求写明符合伦理学要求。当然各个杂志的具体要求是不一样的，在杂志的guide for authors一般会有要求。如果没有具体的要求，大家可按照通用要求处理。

 

二、模版

 

Dear Prof. XXXXX,

 

Here within enclosed is our paper for consideration to be published on "(Journal name)". The further information about the paper is in the following:

 

The Title: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

 

The Authors: XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX and XXXXXXXXXX

 

The authors claim that none of the material in the paper has been pub

 

lished or is under consideration for publication elsewhere.

 

I am the corresponding author and my address and other information is as follows,

 

Address: Department of XXXXXXXXX,

 

Tsinghua University,

 

Beijing, 10084,

 

P.R.China

 

E-mail: XXXXX@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn

 

Tel: 86-10-62785001

 

Fax: 86-10-62785001

 

Thank you very much for consideration!

 

Sincerely Yours,

 

Dr. XXXXXXXXXXX

 

1.第一次投稿Cover letter：主要任务是介绍文章主要创新以及声明没有一稿多投

Dear Editors:

We would like to submit the enclosed manuscript entitled "Paper Title", which we wish to be considered for publication in "Journal Name". No conflict of interest exits in the submission of this manuscript, and manuscript is approved by all authors for publication. I would like to declare on behalf of my co-authors that the work described was original research that has not been published previously, and not under consideration for publication elsewhere, in whole or in part. All the authors listed have approved the manuscript that is enclosed.

In this work, we evaluated ...... (简要介绍一下论文的创新性). I hope this paper is suitable for "Journal Name".

The following is a list of possible reviewers for your consideration:

1\) Name A E-mail: ××××@××××

2\) Name B E-mail: ××××@××××

We deeply appreciate your consideration of our manuscript, and we look forward to receiving comments from the reviewers. If you have any queries, please don't hesitate to contact me at the address below.

Thank you and best regards.

Yours sincerely,

××××××

Corresponding author:

Name: ×××

E-mail: ××××@××××

 

2.催稿信：询问稿件处理到声明步骤

Dear Prof. ×××:

Sorry for disturbing you. I am not sure if it is the right time to contact you to inquire about the status of my submitted manuscript titled "Paper Title". (ID: 文章稿号), although the status of "With Editor" has been lasting for more than two months, since submitted to journal three months ago. I am just wondering that my manuscript has been sent to reviewers or not?

I would be greatly appreciated if you could spend some of your time check the status for us. I am very pleased to hear from you on the reviewer's comments.

Thank you very much for your consideration.

Best regards!

Yours sincerely,

××××××

Corresponding author:

Name: ×××

E-mail: ××××@××××

 

3.修改稿Cover letter

Dear Dr/ Prof..（写上负责你文章编辑的姓名，显得尊重，因为第一次的投稿不知道具体负责的编辑，只能用通用的Editors）:

On behalf of my co-authors, we thank you very much for giving us an opportunity to revise our manuscript, we appreciate editor and reviewers very much for their positive and constructive comments and suggestions on our manuscript entitled "Paper Title". (ID: 文章稿号).

We have studied reviewer's comments carefully and have made revision which marked in red in the paper. We have tried our best to revise our manuscript according to the comments. Attached please find the revised version, which we would like to submit for your kind consideration.

We would like to express our great appreciation to you and reviewers for comments on our paper. Looking forward to hearing from you.

Thank you and best regards.

Yours sincerely,

××××××

Corresponding author:

Name: ×××

E-mail: ××××@××××

 

4.修改稿回答审稿人的意见（最重要的部分）

List of Responses

Dear Editors and Reviewers:

Thank you for your letter and for the reviewers' comments concerning our manuscript entitled "Paper Title" (ID: 文章稿号). Those comments are all valuable and very helpful for revising and improving our paper, as well as the important guiding significance to our researches. We have studied comments carefully and have made correction which we hope meet with approval. Revised portion are marked in red in the paper. The main corrections in the paper and the responds to the reviewer's comments are as flowing:

Responds to the reviewer's comments:

Reviewer \#1:

1\. Response to comment: (......简要列出意见......)

Response: ××××××

2\. Response to comment: (......简要列出意见......)

Response: ××××××

。。。。。。

逐条意见回答，切忌一定不能有遗漏

针对不同的问题有下列几个礼貌术语可适当用用：

We are very sorry for our negligence of .........

We are very sorry for our incorrect writing .........

It is really true as Reviewer suggested that......

We have made correction according to the Reviewer's comments.

We have re-written this part according to the Reviewer's suggestion

As Reviewer suggested that......

Considering the Reviewer's suggestion, we have ......

最后特意感谢一下这个审稿人的意见：

Special thanks to you for your good comments.

Reviewer \#2:

同上述

Reviewer \#3:

××××××

Other changes:

1\. Line 60-61, the statements of "......" were corrected as "............"

2\. Line 107, "......" was added

3\. Line 129, "......" was deleted

××××××

We tried our best to improve the manuscript and made some changes in the manuscript. These changes will not influence the content and framework of the paper. And here we did not list the changes but marked in red in revised paper.

We appreciate for Editors/Reviewers' warm work earnestly, and hope that the correction will meet with approval.

Once again, thank you very much for your comments and suggestions.

 

5.文章接受后可以考虑感谢一下负责你文章的编辑或主编（根据需要）

Dear Prof. ××××××:

Thanks very much for your kind work and consideration on publication of our paper. On behalf of my co-authors, we would like to express our great appreciation to editor and reviewers.

Thank you and best regards.

Yours sincerely,

××××××

Corresponding author:

Name: ×××

E-mail: ××××@××××

 

6.询问校稿信件（如果文章接受后时间较长）

Dear ×××:

Sorry for disturbing you. I am not sure if it is the right time to contact you to inquire about the status of our accepted manuscript titled "Paper Title" (ID: 文章稿号), since the copyright agreement for publication has been sent to you two months ago. I am just wondering that how long I can receive the proof of our manuscript from you?

I would be greatly appreciated if you could spend some of your time for a reply. I am very pleased to hear from you.

Thank you very much for your consideration.

Yours sincerely,

××××××

Corresponding author:

Name: ×××

E-mail: ××××@××××

 

7.文章校稿信件

Dear Mr. ×××:

Thanks very much for your kind letter about the proof of our paper titled "Paper Title" (ID: 文章稿号) for publication in "Journal Name". We have finished the proof reading and checking carefully, and some corrections about the proof and the answers to the queries are provided below.

Corrections:

1\. In \*\*\*\*\*\* should be \*\*\*\* (Page \*\*\*, Right column, line\*\*\*)

2\. In \*\*\*\* the "\*\*\*\*\*" should be "\*\*\*\*" (Page \*\*\*\*, Right column, line\*\*\*\*)

Answers for "author queries":

1\. \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*.

2\. \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

3\. \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

We greatly appreciate the efficient, professional and rapid processing of our paper by your team. If there is anything else we should do, please do not hesitate to let us know.

Thank you and best regards.

Yours sincerely,

××××××

Corresponding author:

Name: ×××

E-mail: ××××@×××
